Documentation for receipts changes (#3657)
microsoft/CCF: doc/architecture/receipts.rst

Receipts
========

> CCF implements `write` receipts, which are signed proofs associated with a transaction. They serve two main purposes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CCF implements `write` receipts, which are signed proofs associated with a transaction, i.e. a unique TxID. They serve two main purposes:
```

Author: I'm not sure this is clearer, the receipt is really bound to the whole transaction, not just the TxID. A transaction has a TxID, but that's not particularly central here?

> 1. :ref:`Endorse <use_apps/verify_tx:Application Claims>` claims made by the application logic, ie. a signed statement of fact, verifiable offline and by third parties, equivalent to "this transaction produced this outcome at this position in the sequence".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. :ref:`Endorse <use_apps/verify_tx:Application Claims>` claims made by the application logic, ie. a signed statement of fact, verifiable offline and by third parties, equivalent to "this transaction produced this outcome at this TxID".
```
